I do not fear computers. I fear lack of them|Isaac Asimov 
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing|Emo Philips
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes|Edsger W. Dijkstra
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before|Bill Gates
Imagination is more important than knowledge.  For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution|Albert Einstein
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge|Stephen Hawking
Where is the ‘any’ key?|Homer Simpson, in response to the message, “Press any key”
Simplicity, carried to the extreme, becomes elegance|Jon Franklin
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler|Albert Einstein
I think computer viruses should count as life.  I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive.  We’ve created life in our own image|Stephen Hawking
If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don’t understand the problems and you don’t understand the technology|Bruce Schneier
Computers are incredibly fast, accurate, and stupid. Human beings are incredibly slow, inaccurate, and brilliant. Together they are powerful beyond imagination|Albert Einstein
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street|Doug Linder, computer scientist
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster|Adam Osborne, computer scientist
Simple things should be simple, complex things should be possible|Alan Kay
Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to predict the future is to invent it|Alan Kay
In normal science, you're given a world, and your job is to find out the rules. In computer science, you give the computer the rules, and it creates the world|Alan Kay
If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiming high enough|Alan Kay
Most creativity is a transition from one context into another where things are more surprising|Alan kay
We should reward people, not ridicule them, for thinking the impossible|Nassim Taleb
Injecting some confusion stabilizes the system|Nassim Taleb
Coding is today's language of creativity. All our children deserve a chance to become creators instead consumers of computer science|Maria Klawe
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it|William C. Brown
The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers|Richard Hamming
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy|Joseph Campbell
Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else we do|Donald Knuth
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code|Ken Thompson
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing|Alan Perlis
When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong|R. Buckminster Fuller
Trees sprout up just about everywhere in computer science|Donald Knuth
Computer Science: A study akin to numerology and astrology, but lacking the precision of the former and the success of the latter|Stan Kelly-Bootle
There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses|Bjarne Stroustrup